Social SDK: Update UFL Guide with new helper functions (#7689)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/discord-social-sdk/development-guides/creating-a-unified-friends-list.mdx

### Implementing a Unified Friends List

The Discord friend list is ultimately constructed from two entities: Relationships, and Users. You can query
Relationships API to find everyone a user is a friend with, and the Users API to find the necessary extra information

> for rendering the list, such as whether they are online or not.

Reviewer: Looks like this doesn't produce a visible change. Do we want to newline like this in the .mdx file? If yes I'll update mine to do the same! Makes it easier to read in the file but maybe slightly more annoying to edit unless it knows how to format the code after editing

Author: I personally prefer it, since it's easier to read in an editor, and it's less likely to merge conflict if the edits are spread over multiple lines - it's also likely my IDE formatter changed it.

But I also am not enforcing it as something that everyone need do 😄

            // Add Discord friend indicator
            if (relationship.DiscordRelationshipType() == discordpp::RelationshipType::Friend) {
                displayStr += " 👾";
            }

            // Add game friend indicator
            if (relationship.GameRelationshipType() == discordpp::RelationshipType::Friend) {
                displayStr += " 🎮";
            }

            std::cout << displayStr << "\n";
        }
    }
}
```

### Step 2: Set Up Automatic Updates

To keep your friends list up-to-date automatically, use the [`Client::SetRelationshipGroupsUpdatedCallback`]. This
callback is triggered whenever any change occurs that might affect the friends list grouping, such as a friend going
online or offline, or when a relationship changes, such as when you accept a friend request, or block a user.

```cpp
// Set up the unified friends list update callback
client->SetRelationshipGroupsUpdatedCallback([&client](const uint64_t userId) {
    std::cout << "👥 Friends list updated for user: " << userId << std::endl;
    DisplayUnifiedFriendsList(client);
});
```

---

## Approach 2: Manually Fetching Relationships and Users

> In this guide, we will focus on the second approach, which gives you more control over how the friends list is displayed in your game.

Reviewer: "In this guide" feels a little weird to read halfway through the page, maybe something like:

```suggestion
In this section we'll show a more manual method which gives you more control over how the friends list is displayed in your game.
```
